good morning, thank you very much for being
here on a subject that is fundamental to
our sugar and that we have to send
a message not only to the people of León
but to the whole country that we're going to
to agree that the
football matches have been and are a
place of coexistence and a very space
important then have the security and
that can be carried out each of
the parties in a different way the
commitment that we are making here is
which you will have to comply fully not
only with this protocol for
the way they have to leave the
visiting team but we will have to
comply fully with the regulation not
only the municipal authorities
but also what is the league and what
is the team owners the
public ministry so that it is also
present here for the purpose of attending or
to inhibit the commission of crimes a
thing is what I would have to
correspond to the municipal authority
what would be the administrative and
On the other hand, the local authority
I would have to handle the issue of
commission of crimes as they could be
the injuries the damage I think the
presence in some way would inhibit
also the commission of crimes we
would generate tranquility for those who
come to the stadium whether they are local or
foreign visitors know that there is a
control regarding the issue of
security and finally it is up to us
to the municipality to guarantee safety and
has given instructions to General Pizarro
in order that
to create a police a police
specialized to cover this kind of
massive events where there is competition
where I could have risk in the
events the family in events that are
as how are these that are a true
party for the Leonians was already given to the
knowledge of the authorities by
part of the municipality that corresponds to us
which is the direction of internal affairs
you already have the research and you are right now
analyzing the to demarcate
responsibility the commitment is that in
the next match you have a group
special that the general will already review
who will be the people who gather the
profile for this type of
at the final whistle and they will have a
Different attention because it is important
which leads them to the Authority
guarantee them safety is the first
approach was very important because
I have just one week touched me
unfortunately an event so I think
which is also an opportunity to
improve this by giving good service in
this aspect in human rights makes
please accompany General Pizarro
in order to agree
also with human rights in this
training topic for respect to
individual guarantees and rights
humans work hand in hand as you see what
we are trying to do here both the
league as
team and its servant with authority
There are usually 300 tickets that are
They give to the visiting truncheon on this occasion
they entered more than 1000 them for their
part enter they buy the tickets is
something that we also have to coordinate
by contact and communication
starting from
of the title that are animation groups
I think the animation groups
should do is encourage to infect the
stadium generate a joy atmosphere
of support through your participation
but that's a job that you have to
do and continue to do hand in hand with
each of the animation groups and
when the lion soccer team gets
the green shirt and goes out to play a
local football match or
visitor not the most to 11 players that
they are looking for victory but we are
seeing representing a team
football that represents a city to
some interests to some emotions in power
turn that passion that overflow
the animation groups in real
animation engines towards the stadium and
not on engines that keep people away
of the stadiums Mexican football was born
as a family part and we want that
that value that is fundamental to
we remain a value and a pillar
we want to see the stadiums with women
with children with older people with
families so much to the 'lion city'
Like many other cities, it is not
priority or exclusive thing of the
'lion city' in the city of mexico
in guadalajara in monterrey are
issues of common jurisdiction and there is
attack them in that sense but do not
we can say to soccer and load the
hand to football for situations that
outside of football reiterated and concluded
that for the theme of the groups of
animation is the call of all
the parts of the team authority
local league many others
factors under the fundamental principle
than the Leonese in this case
they like to come to football and
see his team win and I summon the
leoneses that see for ahead we are
close to the group that see their
team if you can get to the liguilla
we are close to the qualification to the
liberators who see their team in the
Copa Libertadores and is reaching
merits to be able to reach a
and let's see to the front and what are you
situations that are that nobody
like to live them or have them good and we
we have sat down to be able to take actions
and go building in positive if
we want to continue emphasizing the negative
we will be missing the time of what
that what is truly important
build around the lion team in
this occasion and the other 17 teams
of the mx league and I really appreciate the
presence of the mayor of course
the support of Maria's desire to for
as he mentions do not keep looking towards
the front to see the positive that comes
for the team and to know that things are
they are doing well this was something that
really we are very sorry with what
it happened but let's give it
turn around the sheet and see for what
comes
here in which low understand